Added section on Cloud upgrades. (#14680)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/cloud/architecture.mdx

The multi-region option is currently opt-in by default. Once you have an account, please reach out to your account manager, customer success engineer, or support@goteleport.com. A future update will expand the region availability and make all regions available by default.

## Releases

Teleport Cloud customers are typically running the latest release of the
Teleport Auth and Proxy service.

Teleport Cloud performs patch upgrades on a weekly basis and major upgrades on
a quarterly basis. Teleport Cloud waits for the first minor release before a
major upgrade (for example, 10.1 instead of 10.0). This typically occurs 3-4
weeks after a major release.

Patch releases are fully backward compatible and require no actions by the
customer.

Major releases do require customers to upgrade all agents within 3 months of
the upgrade. Failure to upgrade agents to the latest major release during this
window may lead to compatibility issues with Teleport Cloud and a loss of

> access to your infrastructure.

Reviewer: Should we add language about how customers can be notified about upcoming upgrades? 
```suggestion
access to your infrastructure.

Subscribe to status updates at [status.teleport.sh](https://status.teleport.sh/) for Cloud upgrade notifications.
```

The multi-region option is currently opt-in by default. Once you have an account, please reach out to your account manager, customer success engineer, or support@goteleport.com. A future update will expand the region availability and make all regions available by default.

## Releases

> Teleport Cloud customers are typically running the latest release of the

Reviewer 2: Teleport Cloud only serves the latest stable release of the Teleport software for its customers.

> Teleport Auth and Proxy service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Teleport Auth Service and Proxy Service.
```

> Teleport Cloud performs patch upgrades on a weekly basis and major upgrades on

Reviewer 2: Teleport Cloud team upgrades the service with patch releases weekly and major releases quarterly. The team waits for the first minor release before a major upgrade. For example, the team will deploy (=teleport.major.version=).1.0 instead of (=teleport.major.version=).0.0. The first minor release happens 3-4 weeks after a first major release.

a quarterly basis. Teleport Cloud waits for the first minor release before a
major upgrade (for example, 10.1 instead of 10.0). This typically occurs 3-4
weeks after a major release.

Patch releases are fully backward compatible and require no actions by the
customer.

> Major releases do require customers to upgrade all agents within 3 months of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Major releases require customers to upgrade all `teleport` and `tbot` instances within your cluster within 3 months of
```
Or some other alternative to "agent"—in the past, we've had some confusion from docs readers around the term "agent" and whether you need to deploy a Teleport binary on the same host as every resource you want to configure access to. I'm not sure if you would need to upgrade `tbot`.

Author: Updated the wording to mention all binaries the customer runs. What do you think?

## Releases

Teleport Cloud only serves the latest stable release of the Teleport software
for its customers.

Teleport Cloud team upgrades the service with patch releases weekly and major
releases quarterly. The team waits for the first minor release before a major
upgrade. For example, the team will deploy (=teleport.major.version=).1.0
instead of (=teleport.major.version=).0.0. The first minor release happens 3-4
weeks after a first major release.

Patch releases are fully backward compatible and require no actions by the
customer.

Major releases do require customers to upgrade all instances of Teleport they

> are running within 3 months of the upgrade. Failure to upgrade agents to the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are running within 3 months of the upgrade. Failure to upgrade Teleport instances to the
```
